Classes-- Class is a Named Group Of Properties and Function.
          Class is a Template for Objects and an object is an instance of a class.
          It is a user-defined blueprint or prototype or Template from which objects are created.
          A class creates a new data type that can be used to create objects.(For Example A class Person as Attributes as Name and Age.)
          Thus, a class is a logical construct. An object has physical reality. (That is, an object occupies space in memory.)

Instance---an example or case (of something)

Objects are characterized by three essential properties : state, identity, and behavior.
The state of an object is a value from its data type. The identity of an object distinguishes one object from another.
It is useful to think of an object’s identity as the place where its value is stored in memory.
The behavior of an object is the effect of data-type operations.

The dot operator links the name of the object with the name of an instance variable.
Although commonly referred to as the "dot operator", the formal specification for Java categorizes the . as a separator.

what are Attributes and Methods ?
1.Attribute is a field or data member or properties that hold the characteristics of an object
For Example A class Person as Attributes as Name and Age.
They are initialized through Constructors
They have a Specific data type like int ,string ,etc.. and they also have Access Modifiers
2.Method is a function inside the class that describe the behaviour of the Object.
They can be parameterized or not , they can have return type or not and as well as access modifiers.

Is there any Other way to Initialize The Attributes other Than Constructor ?
Yes We can Initialize Attributes of a class in other ways
1.Instance Initializer Block--These are used to initialize instance variable
                              They are executed when an instance of class is created,before the constructor is Called.
2.Field Initializer--You Can Initialize a Field Directly when They are declared in a class (eg name="default")
3.Setter Method--Used to set the values for the field after the Object creation.
4.Static Initializer Block -- They are used to initialize static fields and They are executed when the class is loaded


Properties of Classes--
    1.Class are not Real World Entity they are just a template for creating a object
    2.Class does not occupy memory
    3.A Class in Java can contain:
      Data member
      Method
      Constructor
      Nested Class
      Interface